Cumulus Workshop version updated and generally content edited (#83)
substrate-developer-hub/cumulus-workshop: en/README.md

connecting to. If you want to connect your parachian to a running relay network like the
[Rococo](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/en/build-parachains-rococo) test network, you _must_ be
sure that you are testing against the exact same build of that relay chain.

This workshop has been tested on commits:

- **Polkadot** tagged [**`v0.9.7`**](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot/tree/v0.9.7)
- **Parachain Template** tagged [**`polkadot-v0.9.7`**](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-parachain-template/tree/polkadot-v0.9.7)
- **Polkadot-JS Apps** tagged [**`v0.93.1`**](https://github.com/polkadot-js/apps/tree/v0.93.1).
  It is generally expected that the [hosted Polkadot-JS Apps](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/explorer) should work. If you have issues, build and run this UI yourself, at this tagged version.

> NOTE: you **must** use these version exactly to ensure that you do not run into conflicts as
> parachain development is actively making breaking changes between commits on these
> repositories!

#### Polkadot Testnet Compatibility

We are doing our best to keep the parachain template & this workshop updated presently

> with the latest release of Polkadot. Please check with us in the [Rococo matrix channel](https://matrix.to/#/#rococo:matrix.parity.io)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the latest release of Polkadot. Please check with us in the [Parachain matrix channel](https://matrix.to/#/#parachain-technical:matrix.parity.io)
```

Author: Resolved in latest commit
